RFC for plan preview feature (#2090)
pipe-cd/pipe: docs/rfcs/0005-plan-preview.md

Interacting with the pull request is the responsibility of a CI system, not CD system like PipeCD. So PipeCD will not interact directly with the pull request but provide a way for the CI job to fetch the plan-preview result. Specifically, we will add a new `plan-preview` command to our `pipectl` tool. That command communicates with PipeCD's control plane to retrieve the plan-preview result.

Then, developers can add a new CI job into their Git repository. The CI system triggers that job when a new pull request is created or updated to run `pipectl plan-preview` against the head commit of the pull request.

Although the developer can check the plan-preview result from the log of the CI job, we think the best way to send the feedback to the developer is directly commenting its content to their pull request. So we recommend doing that in your CI job. For GitHub users, PipeCD team will also provide a GitHub action that helps you enable this feature quickly and seamlessly.

**Architecture design:**

![](https://github.com/pipe-cd/pipe/blob/master/docs/static/images/rfc-plan-preview-architecture.png)

> 1. Whenever a new pull request is created or updated (or user comments `/pipecd plan-preview` on the PR), CI job will be triggered to run `pipectl plan-preview` to request a plan-preview result for the head commit of the pull request.

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
0. User set-up their CI to run `pipectl plan-preview` whenever a new pull request is created or updated (or when a user comments some kind of command like `/pipecd plan-preview` it's up to them)
1. The CI job gets triggered to run `pipectl plan-preview` to request a plan-preview result for the head commit of the pull request.
```

Author: Thank you. Simplified that sentence.

![](https://github.com/pipe-cd/pipe/blob/master/docs/static/images/rfc-plan-preview-architecture.png)

> 1. CI job or user runs `pipectl plan-preview` to request a plan-preview result for the head commit of the pull request.

Reviewer: This more makes sense 👍
